Add Several Parameters (#187)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: docs/Content/HideSbieProcesses.md

# Hide Sandboxie Processes

HideSbieProcesses is a sandbox setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md).

```
   .
   .
   .
   [DefaultBox]
   HideSbieProcesses=y
```

> Use the 'HideSbieProcesses=y' option to hide Sandboxie Work Process (SbieSvc, SandboxieRpcSs etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the 'HideSbieProcesses=y' option to hide Sandboxie worker processes (SbieSvc, SandboxieRpcSs etc.)
```

For this line, I would like to ask for extra confirmation from @offhub, because if confirmed, it may require a fix in the changelog.

Author: Probably so, as [changelog](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1142--5692---2024-06-19) says as my text suggests.
FYI I have made some screenshots as follows(standard non-admin with `HideNonSystemProcesses=y`):
with `HideSbieProcesses=n`:
<img width="183" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d99e3c9-6f2c-46e5-8a38-0a2940a00648">
and with `HideSbieProcesses=y`:
<img width="178" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/deab208d-c1d9-42f4-b84d-88de09a77ba8">

Reviewer 2: Setting `HideSbieProcesses=y` hides processes with names that start with "Sandboxie" or "Sbie" from sandboxed applications, regardless of their sandboxed status. [code](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/blob/54b86d587f1b2829ff9d550315ea5aa814b92ec3/Sandboxie/core/dll/sysinfo.c#L414-L416)
